---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "dsm_azure_group Data Source - terraform-provider-dsm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Returns the Fortanix DSM Azure KV mapped group object from the cluster as a Data Source.
---

# dsm_azure_group (Data Source)

Returns the Fortanix DSM Azure KV mapped group object from the cluster as a Data Source.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "dsm_azure_group" "sample_azure_group" {
  name = "my_azure_group"
  scan = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The Azure KV group object name in Fortanix DSM.

### Optional

- `scan` (Boolean) Syncs keys from Azure KV to the Azure group in DSM. Value is either true/false.

### Read-Only

- `acct_id` (String) The Account ID from Fortanix DSM.
- `client_id` (String) The Azure registered application id (username).
- `creator` (Map of String) The creator of the group from Fortanix DSM.
   * `user`: If the group was created by a user, the computed value will be the matching user id.
   * `app`: If the group was created by a app, the computed value will be the matching app id.
- `description` (String) Description of the Azure KV Fortanix DSM group.
- `group_id` (String) The Azure KV group object ID from Fortanix DSM.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `key_vault_type` (String) The type of key vaults. The default value is `Standard`.
- `secret_key` (String, Sensitive) A secret string that a registered application in Azure uses to prove its identity (application password).
- `subscription_id` (String) The ID of the Azure AD subscription.
- `tenant_id` (String) The tenant/directory id of the Azure subscription.
- `url` (String) The URL of the object in an Azure KV that uniquely identifies the object.
