---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "dsm_sobject Data Source - terraform-provider-dsm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Returns the DSM security object from the cluster as a Data Source.
  Note: This data source supports only security objects with EXPORT permission set in DSM.
---

# dsm_sobject (Data Source)

Returns the DSM security object from the cluster as a Data Source.

`Note`: This data source supports only security objects with EXPORT permission set in DSM.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "dsm_sobject" "sample_sobject" {
  name = "security_object"
  export = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Security object name.

### Optional

- `export` (Boolean) If set to true, value of the security object in base64 format will be stored in the data source.

### Read-Only

- `acct_id` (String) Account ID from DSM.
- `creator` (Map of String) The creator of the security object from Fortanix DSM.
   * `user`: If the security object was created by a user, the computed value will be the matching user id.
   * `app`: If the security object was created by a app, the computed value will be the matching app id.
- `description` (String) Security object description.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the security object will be Enabled or Disabled. The values are true/false.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `key_ops` (List of String) The security object key permission from Fortanix DSM.
   * Default is to allow all permissions except EXPORT.
- `key_size` (Number) The size of the security object.
- `kid` (String) Security object ID from DSM.
- `obj_type` (String) Security object key type from DSM.
- `pub_key` (String) Public key from DSM (If applicable).
- `value` (String, Sensitive) Value of key material (only if export is allowed).
