---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "dsm_gcp_sobject Resource - terraform-provider-dsm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Returns the DSM security object from the cluster as a resource for the GCP CDC Group. This is a Bring-Your-Own-Key (BYOK) method and copies an existing DSM local security object to GCP KMS as a Customer Managed Key (CMK).
---

# dsm_gcp_sobject (Resource)

Returns the DSM security object from the cluster as a resource for the GCP CDC Group. This is a Bring-Your-Own-Key (BYOK) method and copies an existing DSM local security object to GCP KMS as a Customer Managed Key (CMK).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "dsm_gcp_sobject" "sample_gcp_sobject" {
    name = "test-gcp-sobject"
    group_id = "311915f2-7cdb-4ea9-ac15-83818f04dc39"
    key = {
      kid = "f6be4755-7912-4546-9e94-27851f2ddcd7"
    }
    custom_metadata = {
      gcp-key-id = "name-of-the-key-in-gcp"
    }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `group_id` (String) The GCP group ID in Fortanix DSM where the key will be generated.
- `key` (Map of String) A local security object imported to Fortanix DSM (BYOK) and copied to GCP KMS.
- `name` (String) The security object name.

### Optional

- `custom_metadata` (Map of String) GCP KMS key metadata information:
   * `gcp-key-id`: Key name within GCP KMS.
- `description` (String) The description of the security object.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the security object is enabled or disabled. Values are true/false.
- `expiry_date` (String) The expiry date of the security object in RFC format.
- `key_ops` (List of String) The permitted operations for the security object.
- `key_size` (Number) The size of the security object.
- `obj_type` (String) The type of security object.
- `rotation_policy` (Map of String) Policy to rotate a security object. Configure the parameters below:
   * `interval_days`: Rotate the key every given number of days.
   * `interval_months`: Rotate the key every given number of months.
   * `effective_at`: Start time of the rotation policy.
   * `rotate_copied_keys`: Enable key rotation for copied keys.
   * **Note:** Either `interval_days` or `interval_months` should be given, but not both.
- `state` (String) The state of the GCP KMS key. Values are Created, Deleted, Purged.

### Read-Only

- `acct_id` (String) The account ID from Fortanix DSM.
- `creator` (Map of String) The creator of the security object from Fortanix DSM.
   * `user`: If the security object was created by a user, the computed value will be the matching user ID.
   * `app`: If the security object was created by an app, the computed value will be the matching app ID.
- `external` (Map of String) External metadata.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kid` (String) The security object ID from Fortanix DSM.
- `links` (Map of String) Link between the local security object and the GCP KMS security object.
