---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "dsm_plugin Resource - terraform-provider-dsm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates a Fortanix DSM plugin. The returned resource object contains the UUID of the plugin for further references.
---

# dsm_plugin (Resource)

Creates a Fortanix DSM plugin. The returned resource object contains the UUID of the plugin for further references.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Creation of a groups
resource "dsm_group" "group1" {
  name = "group1"
}

resource "dsm_group" "group2" {
  name = "group2"
}

resource "dsm_group" "group3" {
  name = "group3"
}

# Read the lua plugin from a file
data "local_file" "plugin_code" {
  filename = "path/of/a/lua_plugin"
}

# Create a plugin by reading a file
resource "dsm_plugin" "dsm_plugin" {
  name          = "dsm_plugin"
  description   = "DSM Plugin"
  default_group = dsm_group.group1.id
  groups        = [dsm_group.group1.id, dsm_group.group2.id, dsm_group.group3.id]
  plugin_type   = "STANDARD"
  language      = "LUA"
  code          = data.local_file.plugin_code.content
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `code` (String) Plugin code that will be executed in DSM. Code should be in specified programming language.
- `default_group` (String) The Fortanix DSM group object id to be mapped to the plugin by default.
- `groups` (List of String) List of Fortanix DSM group object ids to be mapped to the plugin that includes default_group as well.
- `name` (String) The Fortanix DSM plugin object name.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The Fortanix DSM plugin object description.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the security object is enabled or disabled. The values are true/false.
- `language` (String) Programming language for plugin code (Default value is `LUA`). `LUA` is the only supported language at the moment.
- `plugin_type` (String) Type of the plugin. The supported values are standard, impersonating and customalgorithm. Default value is `standard`.

### Read-Only

- `acct_id` (String) Account ID from Fortanix DSM.
- `approval_request_id` (String) If a plugin creation requires approval, then request id will be stored here.
- `creator` (Map of String) The creator of the security object from Fortanix DSM.
   * `user`: If the plugin object was created by a user, the computed value will be the matching user id.
   * `app`: If the plugin object was created by a app, the computed value will be the matching app id.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `plugin_id` (String) Plugin object ID from Fortanix DSM.
