---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "dsm_secret Resource - terraform-provider-dsm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates a security object of type Secret. The returned resource object contains the UUID of the security object for further references.
  A secret value format should be in a raw/base64/hex format. Secret can also be rotated
---

# dsm_secret (Resource)

Creates a security object of type Secret. The returned resource object contains the UUID of the security object for further references.
A secret value format should be in a raw/base64/hex format. Secret can also be rotated

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Create a group
resource "dsm_group" "group" {
  name = "group"
  description = "group description"
}

// Import a secret
resource "dsm_secret" "secret" {
  name        = "secret"
  group_id    = dsm_group.group.id
  description = "test secret"
  enabled     = true
  state       = "Active"
  value       = "Rm9ydGFuaXg="
  expiry_date = "2025-02-02T17:04:05Z"
}

// Rotate a secret
resource "dsm_secret" "secret_rotate" {
  name        = "secret_rotate"
  group_id    = dsm_group.group.id
  description = "rotate secret"
  enabled     = true
  state       = "Active"
  value       = "cm90YXRlZm9ydGFuaXg="
  expiry_date = "2025-02-02T17:04:05Z"
  rotate      = true
  // Provide the secret name that needs to be rotated
  rotate_from = dsm_secret.secret.name
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `group_id` (String) The Fortanix DSM security object group assignment.
- `name` (String) The Fortanix DSM secret security object name
- `value` (String, Sensitive) The secret value

### Optional

- `custom_metadata` (Map of String) The user defined security object attributes added to the key’s metadata.
- `description` (String) The Fortanix DSM security object description.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the security object is Enabled or Disabled. The values are `True/False`.
- `expiry_date` (String) The security object expiry date in RFC format.
- `rotate` (Boolean) boolean value true/false to enable/disable rotation.
- `rotate_from` (String) Name of the security object to be rotated from.
- `state` (String) The state of the secret security object.
   * Allowed states are: None, PreActive, Active, Deactivated, Compromised, Destroyed, Deleted.

### Read-Only

- `acct_id` (String) Account ID from Fortanix DSM.
- `copied_from` (String) Security object that is copied to the current security object.
- `copied_to` (List of String) List of security objects copied by the current security object.
- `creator` (Map of String) The creator of the security object from Fortanix DSM.
   * `user`: If the security object was created by a user, the computed value will be the matching user id.
   * `app`: If the security object was created by a app, the computed value will be the matching app id.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `key_ops` (List of String) The security object key permission from Fortanix DSM.
   * Default is to allow all permissions.
- `kid` (String) Security object ID from Fortanix DSM.
- `obj_type` (String) The security object key type from Fortanix DSM.
- `replaced` (String) Replaced by a security object.
- `replacement` (String) Replacement of a security object.
