---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "dsm_sobject Resource - terraform-provider-dsm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Returns the Fortanix DSM security object from the cluster as a Resource.
---

# dsm_sobject (Resource)

Returns the Fortanix DSM security object from the cluster as a Resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "dsm_group" "group" {
  name = "group example"
  description = "group description"
}

resource "dsm_sobject" "sobject" {
  name            = "sobject_example"
  obj_type        = "AES"
  group_id        = dsm_group.group.id
  key_size        = 256
  key_ops         = [
    "ENCRYPT",
    "DECRYPT",
    "WRAPKEY",
    "UNWRAPKEY",
    "DERIVEKEY",
    "MACGENERATE",
    "MACVERIFY",
    "APPMANAGEABLE",
    "EXPORT"
  ]
  enabled         = true
  expiry_date     = "20231130T183000Z"
  description     = "sobject description"
  custom_metadata = {
    key1 = "value1"
  }
  allowed_key_justifications_policy = [
    "CUSTOMER_INITIATED_SUPPORT",
    "CUSTOMER_INITIATED_ACCESS",
    "CUSTOMER_AUTHORIZED_WORKFLOW_SERVICING",
    "GOOGLE_INITIATED_SERVICE",
    "GOOGLE_INITIATED_REVIEW",
    "GOOGLE_INITIATED_SYSTEM_OPERATION",
    "THIRD_PARTY_DATA_REQUEST",
    "REASON_UNSPECIFIED",
    "REASON_NOT_EXPECTED",
    "MODIFIED_CUSTOMER_INITIATED_ACCESS",
    "MODIFIED_GOOGLE_INITIATED_SYSTEM_OPERATION",
    "GOOGLE_RESPONSE_TO_PRODUCTION_ALERT"
  ]
  allowed_missing_justifications = true
  rotation_policy = {
    interval_days = 20
    effective_at = "20231130T183000Z"
    deactivate_rotated_key = true
    rotate_copied_keys = "all_external"
}
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `group_id` (String) The security object group assignment.
- `name` (String) The security object name.
- `obj_type` (String) The security object type.

### Optional

- `allowed_key_justifications_policy` (List of String) The security object key justification policies for GCP External Key Manager. The allowed permissions are:
   * CUSTOMER_INITIATED_SUPPORT
   * CUSTOMER_INITIATED_ACCESS
   * GOOGLE_INITIATED_SERVICE
   * GOOGLE_INITIATED_REVIEW
   * GOOGLE_INITIATED_SYSTEM_OPERATION
   * THIRD_PARTY_DATA_REQUEST
   * REASON_NOT_EXPECTED
   * REASON_UNSPECIFIED
   * MODIFIED_CUSTOMER_INITIATED_ACCESS
   * MODIFIED_GOOGLE_INITIATED_SYSTEM_OPERATION
   * GOOGLE_RESPONSE_TO_PRODUCTION_ALERT
- `allowed_missing_justifications` (Boolean) Boolean value which allows missing justifications even if not provided to the security object. The values are True / False.
- `custom_metadata` (Map of String) The user defined security object attributes added to the key’s metadata from Fortanix DSM.
- `description` (String) The security object description.
- `elliptic_curve` (String) Standardized elliptic curve. It should be given only when the obj_type is EC.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the security object is enabled or disabled.
   * The values are True/False
- `expiry_date` (String) The security object expiry date in RFC format.
- `fpe` (String) FPE specific options.
- `fpe_radix` (Number) integer, The base for input data. The radix should be a number from 2 to 36, inclusive. Each radix corresponds to a subset of ASCII alphanumeric characters (with all letters being uppercase). For instance, a radix of 10 corresponds to a character set consisting of the digits from 0 to 9, while a character set of 16 corresponds to a character set consisting of all hexadecimal digits (with letters A-F being uppercase).
- `hash_alg` (String) Hashing Algorithm for KCDSA and ECKCDSA.
   * The allowed Hashing Algorithms are SHA1,SHA224, SHA256, SHA384, SHA521
- `key_ops` (List of String) The security object key permission from Fortanix DSM.
   * Default is to allow all permissions except EXPORT
- `key_size` (Number) The security object size. It should not be given only when the obj_type is EC.
- `rotate` (String) specify method to use for key rotation.
- `rotate_from` (String) Name of the security object to be rotated from
- `rotation_policy` (Map of String) Policy to rotate a Security Object, configure the below parameters.
   * `interval_days`: Rotate the key for every given number of days
   * `interval_months`: Rotate the key for every given number of months
   * `effective_at`: Start of the rotation policy time
   * `rotate_copied_keys`: Enable key rotation for copied keys
   * **Note:** Either interval_days or interval_months should be given, but not both.
- `rsa` (String) rsaOptions passed as a string (if ”RSA” obj_type is specified). The string should match the 'rsa' value in Post body while working with Fortanix Rest API.
- `state` (String) The state of the secret security object.
   * Allowed states are: None, PreActive, Active, Deactivated, Compromised, Destroyed, Deleted
- `subgroup_size` (Number) Subgroup Size for DSA and ECKCDSA. The allowed Subgroup Sizes are 224 and 256
- `value` (String) Sobject content when importing content.

### Read-Only

- `acct_id` (String) Account ID from Fortanix DSM.
- `copied_from` (String) Security object that is copied to the current security object.
- `copied_to` (List of String) List of security objects copied by the current security object.
- `creator` (Map of String) The creator of the security object from Fortanix DSM.
   * `user`: If the security object was created by a user, the computed value will be the matching user id.
   * `app`: If the security object was created by a app, the computed value will be the matching app id.
- `dsm_name` (String) The security object name
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kid` (String) The security object ID from Fortanix DSM.
- `pub_key` (String) Public key (if ”RSA” obj_type is specified)
- `replaced` (String) Replaced by a security object
- `replacement` (String) Replacement of a security object
- `ssh_pub_key` (String) Open SSH public key (if ”RSA” obj_type is specified).
